[docs] Update main README (#664)
DataDog/datadog-ci: README.md

yarn global add @datadog/datadog-ci
```

> For more ways to install the CLI, please refer to [this section](#more-ways-to-install-the-cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more ways to install the CLI, see [this section](#more-ways-to-install-the-cli).
```

## Usage

```bash
Usage: datadog-ci <command> <subcommand> [options]
```

> Possible values for `<command>` and their documentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Possible values for each `<command>` and corresponding documentation include the following:
```

Each command allows interacting with a product of the Datadog platform. The commands are defined in the [src/commands](/src/commands) folder.

> Further documentation for these commands can be found in their respective folders:

Reviewer 2: Maybe we could merge the "Available commands" list in the Usage just above with the documentation of each of the commands?

```bash
Usage: datadog-ci <command> <subcommand> [options]
```

Possible values for `<command>`:
- `dsyms` (see [iOS dSYM Files](src/commands/dsyms/))
- `flutter-symbols` (see [Flutter Symbols](src/commands/flutter-symbols/))
- `git-metadata` (see [Git metadata](src/commands/git-metadata))
- `junit` (see [JUnit XML](src/commands/junit))
- `lambda` (see [Lambda](src/commands/lambda))
- `metric` (see [Metric](src/commands/metric))
- `react-native` (see [React Native sourcemaps](src/commands/react-native/))
- `sourcemaps` (see [Browser sourcemaps](src/commands/sourcemaps/))
- `synthetics` (see [Synthetics CI/CD Testing](src/commands/synthetics/))
- `tag` (see [Tag](src/commands/tag))
- `trace` (see [Trace](src/commands/trace))

> The end-to-end test installs the package in a new project, configures it (using files in the `.github/workflows/e2e` folder) and runs a `synthetics run-tests` command in a Datadog Org (`Synthetics E2E Testing Org`) to verify the command is able to perform a test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The end-to-end test installs the package in a new project, configures it by using files in the `.github/workflows/e2e` folder, and runs a `synthetics run-tests` command in a Datadog org (such as `Synthetics E2E Testing Org`) to verify the command is able to perform a test.
```

> The synthetics tests ran are a browser test (id `neg-qw9-eut`) and an API test (id `v5u-56k-hgk`), both loading a page which outputs the headers of the request and verifying the `X-Fake-Header` header is present. This header is configured as an override in the `.github/workflows/e2e/test.synthetics.json` file. The API and Application keys used by the command are stored in GitHub Secrets named `datadog_api_key` and `datadog_app_key`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Synthetic tests that are run include a browser test (with a test ID of `neg-qw9-eut`) and an API test (with a test ID of `v5u-56k-hgk`). Both tests load a page which outputs the headers of the request and verifies the `X-Fake-Header` header is present. This header is configured as an override in the `.github/workflows/e2e/test.synthetics.json` file. The API and application keys used by the command are stored in GitHub Secrets named `datadog_api_key` and `datadog_app_key`.
```

> Releasing a new version of `datadog-ci` unfolds as follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To release a new version of `datadog-ci`:
```

1. Create a new branch for the version upgrade.
2. Update the version using `yarn version [--patch|--minor|--major]`, depending on the nature of the changes introduced. You may refer to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/#summary) to determine which to increment.

> 3. Push the branch along with the tag to the upstream (GitHub) with `git push --tags origin name-of-the-branch`, then create a Pull-Request with the changes introduced detailed in the description, and get at least one approval. ([sample Pull-Request](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/pull/78))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Push the branch along with the tag to the upstream (GitHub) with `git push --tags origin name-of-the-branch`, create a Pull Request with the changes introduced in the description details, and get at least one approval. For example, see this [sample pull request](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/pull/78).
```

> 4. Merge the Pull-Request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Merge the Pull Request.
```

5. Create a GitHub Release from the [Tags page](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/tags) with the description of changes introduced.

> 6. Once the release has been created, a GitHub Action will publish the package, and a Gitlab pipeline will publish the Docker image. Make sure they succeed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Once the release has been created, a GitHub Action publishes the package, and a Gitlab pipeline publishes the Docker image. Make sure these jobs succeed.
```

> 7. :warning: If the release introduced some **changes in the `synthetics` command**, you have to upgrade `datadog-ci` in the following projects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. If the release introduced some **changes in the** `synthetics` **command**, you have to upgrade `datadog-ci` in the following projects:
```

   * [GitHub Action](https://github.com/DataDog/synthetics-ci-github-action)
   * [CircleCI Orb](https://github.com/DataDog/synthetics-test-automation-circleci-orb)
   * [Azure DevOps Extension](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci-azure-devops)

### Pre-Release Process

> If you need to create a pre-release or releasing in a different channel here's how it works:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a pre-release or releasing in a different channel:
```

> 1. Create a new branch for the channel you want to release to (`alpha`, `beta`, ...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new branch for the channel you want to release to (`alpha`, `beta`, and more).
```

2. Create a PR for your feature branch with the channel branch as a base.

> 3. Pick a version following this format: `version-channel`. It can be `0.10.9-alpha`, or `1-beta`, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Pick a version following this format: `version-channel`. For example, `0.10.9-alpha`, `1-beta`, and more.
```

4. Update the `version` field in `package.json`.

> 5. Merge the Pull Request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Once you've received at least one approval, merge the Pull Request.
```

6. Create a [GitHub Release](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/releases/new?target=alpha&tag=0.10.9-alpha&prerelease=1&title=Alpha+prerelease):

>    1. Target the channel branch.
>    2. Pick a tag based on your version `version-channel`.
>    3. Check the `This is a pre-release` checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Target the channel branch.
   - Pick a tag based on your version `version-channel`.
   - Check the `This is a pre-release` checkbox.
```

> 7. Publish the release and an action will publish it on npm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Publish the release and an action publish it on npm.
```

<img src="./assets/pre-release.png" width="500"/>

## More ways to install the CLI

### Standalone binary (**beta**)

> If installing nodejs in the CI is an issue, standalone binaries are provided with [releases](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/releases). Only _linux-x64_, _darwin-x64_ (macOS) and _win-x64_ (Windows) are supported at the time. **These standalone binaries are in _beta_ and their stability is not guaranteed**. To install:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If installing NodeJS in the CI is an issue, standalone binaries are provided with [releases](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/releases). _linux-x64_, _darwin-x64_ (macOS), and _win-x64_ (Windows) are supported. **These standalone binaries are in beta and their stability is not guaranteed**. 

To install:
```

#### Linux

```sh
curl -L --fail "https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/releases/latest/download/datadog-ci_linux-x64" --output "/usr/local/bin/datadog-ci" && chmod +x /usr/local/bin/datadog-ci
```

#### MacOS

```sh
curl -L --fail "https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/releases/latest/download/datadog-ci_darwin-x64" --output "/usr/local/bin/datadog-ci" && chmod +x /usr/local/bin/datadog-ci
```

#### Windows

```sh
Invoke-WebRequest -Uri "https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/releases/latest/download/datadog-ci_win-x64.exe" -OutFile "datadog-ci.exe"
```

> Then you can run `datadog-ci` commands normally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you can run `datadog-ci` commands normally:
```

```sh
datadog-ci version
```

### Container image

To run `datadog-ci` from a container, you can use the `datadog/ci` image available in Dockerhub as well as the public Amazon ECR and Google GC registries.

```
docker pull datadog/ci
```

> Here's an example of how to run a command using the container and passing in the API and APP keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to run a command using the container and passing in the API and APP keys:
```

```
export DD_API_KEY=$(cat /secret/dd_api_key)
export DD_APP_KEY=$(cat /secret/dd_app_key)
docker run --rm -it -v $(pwd):/w -e DD_API_KEY -e DD_APP_KEY datadog/ci synthetics run-tests -p pub-lic-id1
```

#### Building your own container image

You can build an image using the provided [Dockerfile](https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/blob/master/container/Dockerfile):

```sh
cd container
docker build --tag datadog-ci .
```

> Optionally you can use the `VERSION` build argument to build an image for a specific version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can use the `VERSION` build argument to build an image for a specific version:
```
